Harmony: I heard Pasio’s an artificial island, but it’s surprisingly lush!
Urbain: Maybe it helps the Pokémon relax.
Urbain: Could be why all the Pokémon here seem so comfortable!
Harmony: I hope Feraligatr and Meganium like it here.
Urbain: All right, a new town means lots to explore. Let’s go sightseeing!
Harmony: Yeah! I wanna check out the cafés and see what’s on the menu.
Urbain: Good thinking. It’s important to find spots to take it easy!
???: Excuse me! Could I ask for directions?
Harmony: Huh?
Leon: Do you know which way the arena is?
Leon: I’m supposed to participate in a Pokémon tournament, but it seems I’ve gotten lost.
Leon: I’m worried I won’t make it in time.
Harmony: Oh no! That’s awful...
Harmony: We only just arrived on Pasio, so we don’t actually know—
Urbain: Sure. We’ll show you the way.
Leon: Really? That’d be a big help!
Harmony: Urbain... Are you sure?
Urbain: Yeah! As long as we’ve got our Poryphones, we’ll figure it out!
Harmony: I guess since we’ve got a map, we should be OK...
Harmony: And we can’t just turn a blind eye when someone needs help.
Urbain: Exactly.
Urbain: We protected Lumiose City, as members of Team MZ.
Urbain: So let’s help people on Pasio, too!

Urbain: Team MZ’s here!
Urbain: Looks like there are lots of people on this island who could use our help!
Harmony: Let’s do our best to help the people and Pokémon on Pasio, too!
Urbain: Yeah. We’ll show ’em what Team MZ’s leader and secret weapon can do!

Urbain: According to my Poryphone, you should be good if you continue down this street.
Leon: Thank you, both!
Leon: I think I’ll make it to the tournament on time!
Harmony: I’m happy we could help!
Serena: Oh! There you are, Leon. What a relief!
Calem: You never showed up, so Hop was looking for you.
Urbain: Leon? You mean, like, THE Leon?! The super strong Trainer from Galar?!
Harmony: We’ve heard of you!
Leon: Hahaha! It’s an honor!
Leon: You’re both from Lumiose City in Kalos, right?
Leon: Serena and Calem here are from Kalos, too!
Calem: Oooh, Lumiose, huh?
Harmony: Wow. I didn’t think we’d meet anyone here from the same region.
Serena: We have lots of memories from Lumiose, too.
Harmony: There are way more wild zones lately—but some people aren’t too happy about that. What do you two think?
Calem: Uh... What’s a wild zone?
Urbain: You don’t know?!
Harmony: I feel like if you’ve been to Lumiose, it’s hard NOT to have seen a wild zone.
Leon: You know, Serena and Calem are incredible Trainers.
Leon: You’ll be battling in today’s tournament too, won’t you?
Serena: Yup! With all our friends!
Urbain: If you’re that confident, maybe we’ll face you in the Z-A Royale someday.
Calem: The...Z-A Royale?
Harmony: Huh? You don’t know about that either?
Urbain: Weird. How could that be?
Serena: Oh. Maybe...
Calem: Yeah. I had the same thought.
Serena: This is just a theory, but we might be from different versions of Lumiose.
Harmony: Different versions?
Calem: On Pasio, some people and Pokémon are from other worlds or eras.
Calem: So your Lumiose may be different from ours.
Leon: It’s possible.
Leon: I know people who’ve experienced something similar.
Urbain: That’s wild...
Harmony: As members of Team MZ, we’ve handled some strange, otherworldly requests.
Harmony: I guess that makes your theory easier to believe!
Urbain: Yeah, anything’s fair game!
Urbain: By the way, Leon, we’ve been talking for a while. Are you OK on time?
Leon: Yikes! I’d better get going!
Harmony: Let’s hurry!

Narration: The group managed to lead Leon to the arena—albeit slightly behind schedule.
Narration: But when they arrived, it was chaos...
Harmony: Who are those people?!
Calem: Team Rocket.
Serena: They treat people and Pokémon horribly.
Leon: They often threaten and steal from others without a second thought.
Urbain: Why would someone do that?!
Calem: What in the world are they doing here?
Serena: Wait! Look who else is there!
Professor Sycamore: You’re the ones who snuck into my lab and stole my data, aren’t you.
Professor Sycamore: If so, then why kidnap me? This hardly seems necessary.
Team Rocket Grunt (Female): Heh heh! Look at you, trying to act tough!
Team Rocket Grunt (Female): It’s true. We—Team Rocket—stole your Mega Evolution research!
Team Rocket Grunt (Male): And thanks to it, we threw together something...interesting.
Team Rocket Grunt (Male): Now you’re gonna help us improve our machine.
Team Rocket Grunt (Male): Mega Evolution machine, activate!

Professor Sycamore: It can’t be...
Professor Sycamore: You can’t just force Pokémon to Mega Evolve!
Team Rocket Grunt (Male): Wahahaha! Unbelievable, huh?
Urbain: They induced Mega Evolution without a Key Stone OR a Mega Stone?!
Leon: I bet they’re misusing sync stones.
Harmony: Sync stones? Are those the things embedded in our Poryphones?
Calem: Yeah. They’re mysterious stones that turn sync pairs’ bonds into real power.
Calem: They can induce other phenomena, too—like Mega Evolution.
Urbain: Seriously? I didn’t know they could do all THAT...
Serena: Usually, Mega Evolution only occurs when a Trainer has a Key Stone...
Serena: and it resonates with a Mega Stone held by their Pokémon.
Serena: On top of that, the Trainer and Pokémon need to have a strong bond.
Urbain: Right. That’s how a Pokémon can temporarily unleash its hidden power.
Urbain: It gives them a strength boost even greater than Evolution.
Calem: A strong bond is essential when Mega Evolving via sync stones, too.
Serena: But it’s hard to believe Team Rocket could form such bonds.
???: What about Mega Evolution requiring no bond?
Leon: Team Rocket’s leader—Giovanni!
Calem: Let Professor Sycamore go!
Giovanni: That won’t be happening.
Giovanni: My goal is for all my subordinates to taste the power of Mega Evolution.
Giovanni: That is why I developed a device that allows Mega Evolution without bonds.
Giovanni: But it remains unstable. Professor Sycamore’s assistance will prove indispensable.
Harmony: But Mega Evolving Pokémon that way only makes them suffer!
Urbain: Yeah! This is just Rogue Mega Evolution all over again!
Calem: Rogue Mega Evolution...?
Urbain: Yeah. When a wild Pokémon is affected by lots of Mega Power...
Urbain: it can Mega Evolve against its will. We call it Rogue Mega Evolution.
Giovanni: Oh?
Harmony: We in Team MZ were in charge of calming down Rogue Mega-Evolved Pokémon.
Harmony: So we won’t let you get away with your forced Mega Evolution schemes, either!
Urbain: Everyone! We have to stop Team Rocket!
Leon: Of course! I can’t ignore something so vile!

Giovanni: Impressive work from Galar’s Champion— except for one detail.
Giovanni: It appears you’ve forgotten about poor Professor Sycamore over here. We can’t have that, now, can we?
Leon: Urk...
Serena: He’s using the professor as a human shield!
Calem: Now Leon’ll have trouble giving his all...
Urbain: This is bad. At this rate, they’ll totally overpower us!
Harmony: So many Trainers and Mega-Evolved Pokémon...
Harmony: Hey, Urbain! Don’t you think this is kinda the norm for us?
Urbain: Huh? What do you mean?
Harmony: It’s like the Z-A Royale!
Harmony: Back in Lumiose, we beat lots of Trainers all at once, right?
Urbain: When you put it like that...I see what you mean.
Harmony: I’ve got an idea.
Urbain: Gotcha. Good idea!
Urbain: You two—hear us out.
Calem: Got it. Let’s go with that.
Serena: We can definitely make that work!
Harmony: All right, Urbain. I’m ready!
Urbain: OK. It’s go time.
Harmony: As Team MZ always does...
Urbain: ...Let’s help people and Pokémon!
Calem: Cut it out, Team Rocket!
Serena: How dare you toy with others! Enough!
Team Rocket Grunt (Male): Finally getting desperate, are we?
Team Rocket Grunt (Female): Did you forget we have a hostage?
Team Rocket Grunt (Female): Any more lip from you and the professor will be in for a world of hurt!
Urbain: No more dirty tricks! Just battle us fair and square!
Team Rocket Grunt (Male): Heh heh heh... This is what happens when you come for Team Rocket!
Team Rocket Grunt (Female): When did you get behind us?!
Harmony: Try looking somewhere other than straight ahead!
Harmony: Are you OK?
Professor Sycamore: You saved my skin. Thank you!
Urbain: All right! Our plan worked!
Serena: We’ll get the professor somewhere safe!
Team Rocket Grunt (Female): S-stop right there!
Urbain: Hey! I wouldn’t look away if I were you!

Giovanni: I’m impressed.
Leon: Good work, you two!
Giovanni: I shall use all my might, then.
Giovanni: Mewtwo! Mega Evolve!
Leon: Sorry, Charizard. You did well toughing it out for this long.
Urbain: But how?! That Mega Evolution wasn’t forced!
Giovanni: Team Rocket has bonds too, you know.
Giovanni: Bonds of pure evil!
Harmony: Bonds of...evil?
Harmony: Do you really think that’s stronger?
Urbain: C’mon! Let’s show him the true strength of Team MZ’s leader and secret weapon!
Harmony: Feraligatr! Mega Evolve!
Urbain: Let’s do it, too. Meganium, Mega Evolve!

Calem: Feraligatr and Meganium Mega Evolved?!
Professor Sycamore: That’s a surprise... I’ve never seen those forms before!
Urbain: It’s time you accept your fate!
Harmony: As long as Team MZ’s here...
Harmony: we won’t let you torment anyone—person or Pokémon!
Giovanni: You have quite some talent...
Giovanni: There are many facets to Mega Evolution.
Giovanni: I’ll withdraw for now. I’ve already learned about something fascinating—this “Rogue Mega Evolution” you spoke of.
Giovanni: Now I see a future for our forced Mega Evolution.

Leon: Sorry for the tournament’s late start!
Leon: You all know how Team Rocket can be!
Leon: But thanks to these courageous Trainers, Harmony and Urbain...
Leon: we cleared things up!
Leon: Care to show me your strength head-on?
Urbain: Yeah, of course!
Harmony: We don’t plan on losing!
Leon: That’s what I like to hear!
Leon: Everyone, let’s have a champion time!

Narration: After the tournament...
Urbain: Wow, a lot happened today, huh?
Harmony: Yeah. We’d only planned to do a little sightseeing.
Harmony: I can’t believe we battled an organization that’s misusing Mega Evolution.
Leon: It’s not just Team Rocket who does that sort of thing, you know.
Urbain: You just...don’t know when another danger will pop up?
Harmony: Urbain, I think I wanna stay on Pasio for a little while.
Harmony: If another problem arises, I wanna help!
Urbain: That’s funny—I was thinking the same thing.
Serena: Aw, that’d be a huge help!
Professor Sycamore: This works out well. I wanted you two to tell me more about Mega Evolution!
Urbain: All right! We made some new friends, so...
Urbain: We should celebrate! I’ll treat everyone to Hotel Z’s signature dish—croissant curry!
Leon: Curry, huh? Sounds great!
Calem: Croissant curry...?
Serena: I can’t imagine such a dish.
Professor Sycamore: Is it well known in your version of Lumiose?
Harmony: *giggle* Uh, not exactly...
Urbain: You’ll understand when you try it!
Urbain: Just you wait—I’ll make it popular here on Pasio, too!
